[Autogenerated] in this demonstration,
we're gonna deploying a software VPN solution.
Welcome to working with the Head West console and
follow along this demonstration.
You'll need your own AWS account.
I'm in the address console specifically in the sea to
dashboard in the London region.
I've already deployed the VPC with two public subjects the
angle and deploy my software VPN device enter.
So if I click instances on,
then launch instance from here I select the US marketplace.
And if I do a search for VPN, we find 100 sent a free products,
the offer VPN capabilities.
If I scroll down this this a little bit here,
for example,
you can see Cisco devices some off a license included another's offer.
Bring your own license.
If you have a look for this list you might find Am I versions off the
VPN software or hardware that you use on premise?
These were allowed to leverage existing licenses on skill sense.
If I scroll back up, I'm gonna select the open VPN access server.
Like most marketplace devices, when you select them,
it'll give you a break down a pricing.
These prices are for the bring you a license option.
I'm happy.
These are, say, continue on.
The rest of wizard is a standard am I wizard.
So we choose a family and type the number of instant
someone to deploy the network and subject.
I've also selected unable to be assigned a public I p address because
this device is being deployed to a public sub net the public i p
address for 11 to catch this device remotely.
Another design shows would be to deploy these devices to private sub nets
and place them behind a Internet facing low balance.
I'm half of these choices.
So I say next at storage, I don't need an additional storage or say next at tax,
I'm gonna add one tag with a key of name on a value of global VPN service.
With the tax in place, I click next Configure Secure agrees by default,
a new security group will be created with all the correct rules
that will give access to this VPN server.
I'm happy of these.
So I say review and launch Have a review of your Sainz If you're happy,
click launch now where deployed and e.
T.
Touring since at the end of the day.
So we need a key pair to be able to remotely access
that instance in this example,
the open VPN access server and deploying runs on a
limit up Winston swell me to keep air.
You know it's the SS agents.
That machine later on, I already have a keeper,
so I just took the box to acknowledge that I have access to the Keeper.
If you don't have a key pack, create one here and download it.
Finally, we say launch instance.
It's gonna take a few minutes to deploy this instance,
so I'll pause the video there and come back once it successfully deployed.
I'm back in the Midwest console, and as you can see,
our VPN service now running for your deployments,
consider high available E.
I got Single Surveyor.
If this ever fails, all the available it is own, it's deployed to goes down.
I'll lose access to my VPN.
Service is probably better than to deploy to VPN service
being two different availability zones.
And you said Lord, balance that a low bones traffic towards them.
For this server, I can see it's public I p address Alex Prive I P address.
I'm gonna take a copy of its public I p address.
Because this is a living machine.
We're gonna need some sort of S h collective it in.
Artist remotely connect to it.
I've got a product called put installed.
Hey, you could say I've got put you up on the right and put a key generator.
Put a jen open left.
Remember the access key created earlier when you were
deploying your virtual machine?
Put a jen can be used to convert that key into a farmer that could be
used by putting so that we can sshh into your device.
So use input.
We would use the conversion option on in Porky.
You import your private key and two's generate Then save the
key locally before coming to put it on typing the public i p
address or the virtual machine.
We're trying to connect her.
Then we expand as S H click off eyebrows.
We then slit the private key that put it.
Jen is generated from us.
We've all that in place.
We click open without being asked for Logan name for open VP and books.
The default name Face am I is open VPN s and together with the
private key should love me in at this point,
your configuration will depend on the type of device you
deployed the first time you kept open VPN,
for example.
It want you for a series of choices to guide you
through the initial configuration.
In this model, we introduce software VPN.
We discussed the benefits of software V, P N's and compared software.
VP ends to 80 west manage VPN.
We also demonstrate deploy in a software VPN device.
In our next module, we'll be taking a look at 80 West direct connect.
Don't forget if you got any questions at this point,
please leave them in discussion section of this costs.
And also remember, we do have some learning checks.
They can check your progress along the way,
so please join me the next month, you'll I will continue along our AWS hybrid networking journey.